OK so before we get into editing this stuff let's have a quick rundown of how the 3D world works.
You have points in this 3D world called vertices or one vertex.
These can be connected together with lines or edges.
Once you've connected at least three together in a closed loop this is called a polygon which can define
a flat surface or in blender a face.
Many of these faces interconnected and joined together form our 3D structures.
Of course this is not quite what we're used to seeing yet.
We need to shade in our models and then if a flat surface is not what we're looking for we can turn
on smooth shading in various ways which is something we are working towards.
And then we need to define how light is reflecting off of the surface.
And we do that with what's called a material.
And the materials don't have to be a plain color.
You can apply further textures to any object to make it look realistic.
OK.
So now we have that background there that gives us a fundamental understanding of what we're about to
start manipulating editing and moving around.
When we start editing our vertices edges and faces over in Blender.